= Netscaler Gem

A gem that uses the Netscaler {Nitro API}[http://support.citrix.com/proddocs/topic/netscaler-main-api-10-map/ns-nitro-wrapper-con.html] to access configs and stats.  This has been tested only on Netscaler 9.3.  Hoping to have Netscaler 10.0 support added in the near future.

= THIS IS PRE-ALPHA!!!

It is currently *Pre-Alpha* hence the 0-dot version and is suseptible to methods, classes and modules being renamed, added or deleted.  I will try my best to back support as much as i can but will provide release notes of changes.  Would love to get community support, i have access to a Netscaler and will add this to the spec as well down the road.

== TODO

* Add new definitions for deleting netscaler object entities
* Add stats
* Add support for Nitro 10.0, 10.1

== Contributing to Netscaler Gem
 
* Check out the latest master to make sure the feature hasn't been implemented or the bug hasn't been fixed yet.
* Check out the issue tracker to make sure someone already hasn't requested it and/or contributed it.
* Fork the project.
* Start a feature/bugfix branch.
* Commit and push until you are happy with your contribution.
* Make sure to add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a future version unintentionally.
* Please try not to mess with the Rakefile, version, or history. If you want to have your own version, or is otherwise necessary, that is fine, but please isolate to its own commit so I can cherry-pick around it.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2012 Jeremy Custenborder. See LICENSE.txt for
further details.

